 I recommend all CS/IT guys to go for elitmus test.. U get all the job opportunities there. But for others 
only 50-60% of opportunities are available..
What Is Elitmus ? 
Its an evaluation of ur aptitude by a well designed test.. U tak a ph test , get ur score and apply for jobs that 
are available in the elitmus portal. If ur profile n score matches the requirements of the company , thy will make a 
interview call. (If ur percentiles are 80+ in all sections with good acads u wl get a call for sure.) After u get a 
call cracking the interview s ur part. Accenture is one of the mass recruiters who use elitmus for shortlisting 
candidates for interview..
When to take the test ?
The pH test is conducted every week at different centres in India. Book a slot and attend.
Few Important Things. 
This test wl b lil more tough than AMCAT but for sure its benefical. U could tak a good practice and by few 
important tips u could score better. 
All the best.
Now comes to the part of preparation.. 
Unlike other tests the pH test need something more than preparation. It needs a plan to attend. The less questions u 
attend with more accuracy gains u high percentile. Here a handicapped negative marking is used in evaluation. That 
is negative marking is applied only when more than 25% of totally attended questions in a section goes wrong, 
negative marking is applied. For example, u hav attended 8 questions. If 2 of the questions goes wrong no negative 
marking is applied. But when 3 questions goes wrong, u get negative marking applied for all the 3 questions. So dont 
tempt to attend more questions if u are not sure of answer..
A pH Test consists of 3 sections. Quantitative Aptitude , Problem Solving and Verbal.
Quantitative Aptitude :
Difficulty Level - 3/5
Here this part consists of 20 questions from different topics. R.S.Aggarwal's book s not enough for this 
preparation. So I prefer to prepare from Arun Sharma. But its not possible to cover all the topics in Arun Sharma in 
a short time. Hence give priority to these topics. 
1. Number System
2. Probability 
3. Permutation and Combinations
4. Mensuration 
5. Time and Work
6. Speed and Distance
If u r good at algebra u can give a try for that too. I can assure u at least 10 ques frm these topics. My advice is 
try to attend 5-6 questions with 100% accuracy. It wl get u 90+ percentile. Dont try to attend questions which u r 
not sure of.. 
Problem Solving : 
Difficulty Level - 3.5/5
This s the highlighting section of elitmus pH test. Here the questions may be from
1. Data Interpration and Data Sufficency 
2. Arrangement questions
3. Coding and decoding based on multiplication (Cryptarithmetic) - time consuming
4. Syllogisms
This part is time consuming. If u dont hav practice in Cryptarithmetic dont waste ur time in it. I guess no book 
give practice for cryptarithmetic. So better google it and get some blogs teaching cryptarithmetic. For Data 
Interpration problems, u could do some vedic maths practice for faster calculation. In this part by attending just 
4-5 questions with 100% accuracy u wl get 90+ percentile. 
Verbal : 
Difficulty Level - 2/5
This is an easy part. U need not spend more time here. 20-25mins is enough. Reading comprehension holds about 9-12 
questions in this part. So have a good practice in it. Vocabulary gets 2 questions and others from basic grammar. I 
suggest to use Wren and Martin for basic grammar.
Here its ok to attend 12-13 questions to gain 90+ percentile. 
Final Note :
eLitmus pH test are considered to b tougher one. But if u know how to face it , u can get 70+ percentiles easily in 
all sections. Always remember. Dont get tempted and attend more questions. Attend only if u r sure of answers. 
My Best wishes..